Used to instantiate a Keras tensor.

@description
A Keras tensor is a symbolic tensor-like object, which we augment with
certain attributes that allow us to build a Keras model just by knowing the
inputs and outputs of the model.

For instance, if `a`, `b` and `c` are Keras tensors,
it becomes possible to do:
`model <- keras_model(input = c(a, b), output = c)`

# Examples

```r
# This is a logistic regression in Keras
input <- layer_input(shape=c(32))
output <- input |> layer_dense(16, activation='softmax')
model <- keras_model(input, output)
```

@returns
A Keras tensor.

@param shape A shape list (list of integers or `NULL` objects),
    not including the batch size.
    For instance, `shape = c(32)` indicates that the expected input
    will be batches of 32-dimensional vectors. Elements of this list
    can be `NULL` or `NA`; `NULL`/`NA` elements represent dimensions where the shape
    is not known and may vary (e.g. sequence length).
@param batch_size Optional static batch size (integer).
@param dtype The data type expected by the input, as a string
    (e.g. `"float32"`, `"int32"`...)
@param sparse A boolean specifying whether the expected input will be sparse
    tensors. Note that, if `sparse` is `FALSE`, sparse tensors can still
    be passed into the input - they will be densified with a default
    value of 0. This feature is only supported with the TensorFlow
    backend. Defaults to `FALSE`.
@param name Optional name string for the layer.
    Should be unique in a model (do not reuse the same name twice).
    It will be autogenerated if it isn't provided.
@param tensor Optional existing tensor to wrap into the `Input` layer.
    If set, the layer will use this tensor rather
    than creating a new placeholder tensor.
@param batch_shape Shape, including the batch dim.

@export
@seealso
+ <https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/layers/Input>

