# Create a Keras tensor (Functional API input).

A Keras tensor is a symbolic tensor-like object, which we augment with
certain attributes that allow us to build a Keras model just by knowing
the inputs and outputs of the model.

For instance, if `a`, `b` and `c` are Keras tensors, it becomes possible
to do: `model <- keras_model(input = c(a, b), output = c)`

## Usage

``` r
keras_input(
  shape = NULL,
  batch_size = NULL,
  dtype = NULL,
  sparse = NULL,
  ragged = NULL,
  batch_shape = NULL,
  name = NULL,
  tensor = NULL,
  optional = FALSE
)
```

## Arguments

- shape:

  A shape list (list of integers or `NULL` objects), not including the
  batch size. For instance, `shape = c(32)` indicates that the expected
  input will be batches of 32-dimensional vectors. Elements of this list
  can be `NULL` or `NA`; `NULL`/`NA` elements represent dimensions where
  the shape is not known and may vary (e.g. sequence length).

- batch_size:

  Optional static batch size (integer).

- dtype:

  The data type expected by the input, as a string (e.g. `"float32"`,
  `"int32"`...)

- sparse:

  A boolean specifying whether the expected input will be sparse
  tensors. Note that, if `sparse` is `FALSE`, sparse tensors can still
  be passed into the input - they will be densified with a default value
  of 0. This feature is only supported with the TensorFlow backend.
  Defaults to `FALSE`.

- ragged:

  A boolean specifying whether the expected input will be ragged
  tensors. Note that, if `ragged` is `FALSE`, ragged tensors can still
  be passed into the input - they will be densified with a default value
  of 0. This feature is only supported with the TensorFlow backend.
  Defaults to `FALSE`.

- batch_shape:

  Optional shape list (list of integers or `NULL` objects), including
  the batch size.

- name:

  Optional name string for the layer. Should be unique in a model (do
  not reuse the same name twice). It will be autogenerated if it isn't
  provided.

- tensor:

  Optional existing tensor to wrap into the `Input` layer. If set, the
  layer will use this tensor rather than creating a new placeholder
  tensor.

- optional:

  Boolean, whether the input is optional or not. An optional input can
  accept `NULL` values.

## Value

A Keras tensor, which can passed to the `inputs` argument of
([`keras_model()`](https://keras3.posit.co/dev/reference/keras_model.md)).

## Examples

    # This is a logistic regression in Keras
    input <- layer_input(shape=c(32))
    output <- input |> layer_dense(16, activation='softmax')
    model <- keras_model(input, output)

## See also

Other model creation:  
[`keras_model()`](https://keras3.posit.co/dev/reference/keras_model.md)  
[`keras_model_sequential()`](https://keras3.posit.co/dev/reference/keras_model_sequential.md)  
